Updating guided install instructions (#2178)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/integrations/amazon-integrations/aws-integrations-list/aws-metric-stream.mdx

* If you manage multiple regions within those accounts, then each region needs to be configured with a different Kinesis Data Firehose pointing to New Relic.
* You will typically map one or many AWS accounts to a single New Relic account.

### Guided setup using CloudFormation [#setup-cloudformation]

> First, you need to link each of your AWS accounts with your New Relic account. To do so, follow the instructions in the AWS UI. 

Reviewer: The instructions / wizard is on the New Relic > Infrastructure > AWS UI (not in AWS UI). 
We could also mention that, alternatively, the same step can be automated using NerdGraph API (link to https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/apis/nerdgraph/examples/nerdgraph-cloud-integrations-api-tutorial/#link-aws).

> 
> Next, set up the metric stream using the [CloudFormation template](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?#/stacks/quickcreate?templateURL=https://nr-downloads-main.s3.amazonaws.com/cloud_integrations/aws/cloudformation/MetricStreams_CloudFormation.yml&stackName=NewRelic-Metric-Stream&param_NewRelicDatacenter=US) we provide in our UI. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, set up the metric stream using the [CloudFormation template](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?#/stacks/quickcreate?templateURL=https://nr-downloads-main.s3.amazonaws.com/cloud_integrations/aws/cloudformation/MetricStreams_CloudFormation.yml&stackName=NewRelic-Metric-Stream&param_NewRelicDatacenter=US) we provide in the last step of the UI. 
```
